Jenniber Franco

5/4/2017
Today I will begin to research the skill I have chosen to implement into
	my program, DragonLand. Due to unforeseen of another group spying, we have talked as a 
	group and made a plan that we would contribute to pay for a private repository. In addition,
	Kat and I have researched for png files that we would use to create a new page for 
	incubation.

5/5/2017
Today I will begin to create a screen for the egg incubator. In addition, I will make an Egg
	class that extends the GraphicComponent class. Furthermore, I will create an outline of the
	methods that will need to be created in the egg. On Monday, I wish to continue working on
	making a structure of the Egg class and Incubator screen class. When I am finished working
	on it on Monday, I hope to discuss with Katya how we will each be putting our part for the 
	symposium.
	
5/8/2017
Today I will be continuing my work of programming part of the Egg class to later exchange 
	with Kat. I will also continue working on parts of the Incubator to work out some 
	logistics to encounter less problems in the future. Today, I have accomplished my goal of 
	removing the 'extends MovableComponent' on the Egg class because Tamanna had previously 
	changed MovableComponent to specifically work with her Star class. Thus, Violetta has tasked
	herself with creating a new general class to let the rest of group use MovableComponent.
	I have also programmed some methods on the IncubatorScreen.
	
5/9/2017
Today I have researched different methods to read and write onto files. In the beginning I was
	reading a certain article that involved fileReader and Writer. However, I have found a 
	different method known as object serialization  that I felt would work better. At the
	moment I am currently unsure which method to use because I am still unfamiliar with both
	methods, more extensive research will be needed and I am hoping to find a method where I am
	able to save objects onto the file.
	
5/11/2017
I spent the first half of the period discussing the research I had done when she was not present on
	5/9/2017. In addition, I partially worked with her to find out how to make the berry drag across
	the screen to feed the dragon. The other half of the period I spent deciding whether I would
	work with binary serialization or using FileWriter/Reader. I am hoping to create classes to use
	FileWriter/Reader to make it easier for me to interpret and for presentation reasons.
	
5/12/2017
I spent the period working on writing a class where it takes a parameter, being the path of the file,
	and reads the file. I currently have methods to read the file and am also creating a method to
	find the number lines that are in the file. This will help because the file may vary in size and
	we will not have problem occurring when the file changes in number of lines they have.
	
5/15/2017
I spent the period finishing the code to read a file. To make sure I understood, I read the code I
	had written over again and then began going over the code to write files. However, I was
	introduced to using JFileChooser to select a file for reader because I have written a static path.
	The static path will present problems in the future unless the file is part of the package of Dragon
	Land.
	
	
5/16/2017
I watched a video on how to use JFileChooser with my class. I have found out that to display a pop-up to
	choose a file, I would need a JButton, regardless of it being to be clicked. I am still currently in
	the process of watching the video, thus, I only have slight grasp of how JFileChooser works. I hope
	to finish the video later and get more information before programming it in my classes.
	
5/17/2017
I worked on having JFileChooser work properly to open and to let the user select a file to open. To make
	sure it works, I tested using System.out.println. After having JFileChooser work, I began discussing 
	with Kat, the types of files we would have to write. It was determined that we needed files for 
	dragons that are in the shop and dragons that are displayed in the home screen. Using that, I have
	started to make a draft of the type of information that we will need to save to create the objects 
	when DragonLand is opened again with the saved information.
	
	
	